@echo off
Title DoS Server 
color 02
:loop
mode 23,24 
echo Sent : 1 Packets
echo Sent : 2 Packets
echo Sent : 3 Packets
echo Sent : 4 Packets
echo Sent : 5 Packets
echo Sent : 6 Packets
echo Sent : 7 Packets
echo Sent : 8 Packets
echo Sent : 9 Packets
echo Sent : 10 Packets
echo Sent : 11 Packets
echo Sent : 12 Packets
echo Sent : 13 Packets
echo Sent : 14 Packets
echo Sent : 15 Packets
echo Sent : 16 Packets
echo Sent : 17 Packets
echo Sent : 18 Packets
echo Sent : 19 Packets
echo Sent : 20 Packets
echo Sent : 21 Packets
echo Sent : 22 Packets
echo Sent : 23 Packets
echo Sent : 24 Packets
echo Sent : 25 Packets
echo Sent : 26 Packets
echo Sent : 27 Packets
echo Sent : 28 Packets
echo Sent : 29 Packets
echo Sent : 30 Packets
echo Sent : 31 Packets
echo Sent : 32 Packets
echo Sent : 33 Packets
echo Sent : 34 Packets
echo Sent : 35 Packets
echo Sent : 36 Packets
echo Sent : 37 Packets
echo Sent : 38 Packets
echo Sent : 39 Packets
echo Sent : 40 Packets
echo Sent : 41 Packets
echo Sent : 42 Packets
echo Sent : 43 Packets
echo Sent : 44 Packets
echo Sent : 45 Packets
echo Sent : 46 Packets
echo Sent : 47 Packets
echo Sent : 48 Packets
echo Sent : 49 Packets
echo Sent : 50 Packets
echo Sent : 51 Packets
echo Sent : 52 Packets
echo Sent : 53 Packets
echo Sent : 54 Packets
echo Sent : 55 Packets
echo Sent : 56 Packets
echo Sent : 57 Packets
echo Sent : 58 Packets
echo Sent : 59 Packets
echo Sent : 60 Packets
echo Sent : 61 Packets
echo Sent : 62 Packets
echo Sent : 63 Packets
echo Sent : 64 Packets
echo Sent : 65 Packets
echo Sent : 66 Packets
echo Sent : 67 Packets
echo Sent : 68 Packets
echo Sent : 69 Packets
echo Sent : 70 Packets
echo Sent : 71 Packets
echo Sent : 72 Packets
echo Sent : 73 Packets
echo Sent : 74 Packets
echo Sent : 75 Packets
echo Sent : 76 Packets
echo Sent : 77 Packets
echo Sent : 78 Packets
echo Sent : 79 Packets
echo Sent : 80 Packets
echo Sent : 81 Packets
echo Sent : 82 Packets
echo Sent : 83 Packets
echo Sent : 84 Packets
echo Sent : 85 Packets
echo Sent : 86 Packets
echo Sent : 87 Packets
echo Sent : 88 Packets
echo Sent : 89 Packets
echo Sent : 90 Packets
echo Sent : 91 Packets
echo Sent : 92 Packets
echo Sent : 93 Packets
echo Sent : 94 Packets
echo Sent : 95 Packets
echo Sent : 96 Packets
echo Sent : 97 Packets
echo Sent : 98 Packets
echo Sent : 99 Packets
echo Sent : 100 Packets
echo Sent : 101 Packets
echo Sent : 102 Packets
echo Sent : 103 Packets
echo Sent : 104 Packets
echo Sent : 105 Packets
echo Sent : 106 Packets
echo Sent : 107 Packets
echo Sent : 108 Packets
echo Sent : 109 Packets
echo Sent : 110 Packets
echo Sent : 111 Packets
echo Sent : 112 Packets
echo Sent : 113 Packets
echo Sent : 114 Packets
echo Sent : 115 Packets
echo Sent : 116 Packets
echo Sent : 117 Packets
echo Sent : 118 Packets
echo Sent : 119 Packets
echo Sent : 120 Packets
echo Sent : 121 Packets
echo Sent : 122 Packets
echo Sent : 123 Packets
echo Sent : 124 Packets
echo Sent : 125 Packets
echo Sent : 126 Packets
echo Sent : 127 Packets
echo Sent : 128 Packets
echo Sent : 129 Packets
echo Sent : 130 Packets
echo Sent : 131 Packets
echo Sent : 132 Packets
echo Sent : 133 Packets
echo Sent : 134 Packets
echo Sent : 135 Packets
echo Sent : 136 Packets
echo Sent : 137 Packets
echo Sent : 138 Packets
echo Sent : 139 Packets
echo Sent : 140 Packets
echo Sent : 141 Packets
echo Sent : 142 Packets
echo Sent : 143 Packets
echo Sent : 144 Packets
echo Sent : 145 Packets
echo Sent : 146 Packets
echo Sent : 147 Packets
echo Sent : 148 Packets
echo Sent : 149 Packets
echo Sent : 150 Packets
echo Sent : 151 Packets
echo Sent : 152 Packets
echo Sent : 153 Packets
echo Sent : 154 Packets
echo Sent : 155 Packets
echo Sent : 156 Packets
echo Sent : 157 Packets
Sent : 158 Packets
Sent : 159 Packets
Sent : 160 Packets
Sent : 161 Packets
Sent : 162 Packets
Sent : 163 Packets
Sent : 164 Packets
Sent : 165 Packets
Sent : 166 Packets
Sent : 167 Packets
Sent : 168 Packets
Sent : 169 Packets
Sent : 170 Packets
Sent : 171 Packets
Sent : 172 Packets
Sent : 173 Packets
Sent : 174 Packets
Sent : 175 Packets
Sent : 176 Packets
Sent : 177 Packets
Sent : 178 Packets
Sent : 179 Packets
Sent : 180 Packets
Sent : 181 Packets
Sent : 182 Packets
Sent : 183 Packets
Sent : 184 Packets
Sent : 185 Packets
Sent : 186 Packets
Sent : 187 Packets
Sent : 188 Packets
Sent : 189 Packets
Sent : 190 Packets
Sent : 191 Packets
Sent : 192 Packets
Sent : 193 Packets
Sent : 194 Packets
Sent : 195 Packets
Sent : 196 Packets
Sent : 197 Packets
Sent : 198 Packets
Sent : 199 Packets
Sent : 200 Packets
Sent : 201 Packets
Sent : 202 Packets
Sent : 203 Packets
Sent : 204 Packets
Sent : 205 Packets
Sent : 206 Packets
Sent : 207 Packets
Sent : 208 Packets
Sent : 209 Packets
Sent : 210 Packets
Sent : 211 Packets
Sent : 212 Packets
Sent : 213 Packets
Sent : 214 Packets
Sent : 215 Packets
Sent : 216 Packets
Sent : 217 Packets
Sent : 218 Packets
Sent : 219 Packets
Sent : 220 Packets
Sent : 221 Packets
Sent : 222 Packets
Sent : 223 Packets
Sent : 224 Packets
Sent : 225 Packets
Sent : 226 Packets
Sent : 227 Packets
Sent : 228 Packets
Sent : 229 Packets
Sent : 230 Packets
Sent : 231 Packets
Sent : 232 Packets
Sent : 233 Packets
Sent : 234 Packets
Sent : 235 Packets
Sent : 236 Packets
Sent : 237 Packets
Sent : 238 Packets
Sent : 239 Packets
Sent : 240 Packets
Sent : 241 Packets
Sent : 242 Packets
Sent : 243 Packets
Sent : 244 Packets
Sent : 245 Packets
Sent : 246 Packets
Sent : 247 Packets
Sent : 247 Packets
Sent : 248 Packets
Sent : 249 Packets
Sent : 250 Packets
Sent : 251 Packets
Sent : 252 Packets
Sent : 253 Packets
Sent : 254 Packets
Sent : 255 Packets
Sent : 256 Packets
Sent : 257 Packets
Sent : 258 Packets
Sent : 259 Packets
Sent : 260 Packets
Sent : 261 Packets
Sent : 262 Packets
Sent : 263 Packets
Sent : 264 Packets
Sent : 265 Packets
Sent : 266 Packets
Sent : 267 Packets
Sent : 268 Packets
Sent : 269 Packets
Sent : 270 Packets
Sent : 271 Packets
Sent : 272 Packets
Sent : 273 Packets
Sent : 274 Packets
Sent : 275 Packets
Sent : 276 Packets
Sent : 277 Packets
Sent : 278 Packets
Sent : 279 Packets
Sent : 280 Packets
Sent : 281 Packets
Sent : 282 Packets
Sent : 283 Packets
Sent : 284 Packets
Sent : 285 Packets
Sent : 286 Packets
Sent : 287 Packets
Sent : 288 Packets
Sent : 289 Packets
Sent : 290 Packets
Sent : 291 Packets
Sent : 292 Packets
Sent : 293 Packets
Sent : 294 Packets
Sent : 295 Packets
Sent : 296 Packets
Sent : 297 Packets
Sent : 298 Packets
Sent : 299 Packets
Sent : 300 Packets
Sent : 301 Packets
Sent : 302 Packets
Sent : 303 Packets
Sent : 304 Packets
Sent : 305 Packets
Sent : 306 Packets
Sent : 307 Packets
Sent : 308 Packets
Sent : 309 Packets
Sent : 310 Packets
Sent : 311 Packets
Sent : 312 Packets
Sent : 313 Packets
Sent : 314 Packets
Sent : 315 Packets
Sent : 316 Packets
Sent : 317 Packets
Sent : 318 Packets
Sent : 319 Packets
Sent : 320 Packets
Sent : 321 Packets
Sent : 322 Packets
Sent : 323 Packets
Sent : 324 Packets
Sent : 325 Packets
Sent : 326 Packets
Sent : 327 Packets
Sent : 328 Packets
Sent : 329 Packets
Sent : 330 Packets
Sent : 331 Packets
Sent : 332 Packets
Sent : 333 Packets
Sent : 334 Packets
Sent : 335 Packets
Sent : 336 Packets
Sent : 337 Packets
Sent : 338 Packets
Sent : 339 Packets
Sent : 340 Packets
Sent : 341 Packets
Sent : 342 Packets
Sent : 343 Packets
Sent : 344 Packets
Sent : 345 Packets
Sent : 346 Packets
Sent : 347 Packets
Sent : 348 Packets
Sent : 349 Packets
Sent : 350 Packets
Sent : 351 Packets
Sent : 352 Packets
Sent : 353 Packets
Sent : 354 Packets
Sent : 355 Packets
Sent : 356 Packets
Sent : 357 Packets
Sent : 358 Packets
Sent : 359 Packets
Sent : 360 Packets
Sent : 361 Packets
Sent : 362 Packets
Sent : 363 Packets
Sent : 364 Packets
Sent : 365 Packets
Sent : 366 Packets
Sent : 367 Packets
Sent : 368 Packets
Sent : 369 Packets
Sent : 370 Packets
Sent : 371 Packets
Sent : 372 Packets
Sent : 373 Packets
Sent : 374 Packets
Sent : 375 Packets
Sent : 376 Packets
Sent : 377 Packets
Sent : 378 Packets
Sent : 379 Packets
Sent : 380 Packets
Sent : 381 Packets
Sent : 382 Packets
Sent : 383 Packets
Sent : 384 Packets
Sent : 385 Packets
Sent : 386 Packets
Sent : 387 Packets
Sent : 388 Packets
Sent : 389 Packets
Sent : 390 Packets
Sent : 391 Packets
Sent : 392 Packets
Sent : 393 Packets
Sent : 394 Packets
Sent : 395 Packets
Sent : 396 Packets
Sent : 397 Packets
Sent : 398 Packets
Sent : 399 Packets
Sent : 400 Packets
Sent : 401 Packets
Sent : 402 Packets
Sent : 403 Packets
Sent : 404 Packets
Sent : 405 Packets
Sent : 406 Packets
Sent : 407 Packets
Sent : 408 Packets
Sent : 409 Packets
Sent : 410 Packets
Sent : 411 Packets
Sent : 412 Packets
Sent : 413 Packets
Sent : 414 Packets
Sent : 415 Packets
Sent : 416 Packets
Sent : 417 Packets
Sent : 418 Packets
Sent : 419 Packets
Sent : 420 Packets
Sent : 421 Packets
Sent : 422 Packets
Sent : 423 Packets
Sent : 424 Packets
Sent : 425 Packets
Sent : 426 Packets
Sent : 427 Packets
Sent : 428 Packets
Sent : 429 Packets
Sent : 430 Packets
Sent : 431 Packets
Sent : 432 Packets
Sent : 433 Packets
Sent : 434 Packets
Sent : 435 Packets
Sent : 436 Packets
Sent : 437 Packets
Sent : 438 Packets
Sent : 439 Packets
Sent : 440 Packets
Sent : 441 Packets
Sent : 442 Packets
Sent : 443 Packets
Sent : 444 Packets
Sent : 445 Packets
Sent : 446 Packets
Sent : 447 Packets
Sent : 448 Packets
Sent : 449 Packets
Sent : 450 Packets
Sent : 451 Packets
Sent : 452 Packets
Sent : 453 Packets
Sent : 454 Packets
Sent : 455 Packets
Sent : 456 Packets
Sent : 457 Packets
Sent : 458 Packets
Sent : 459 Packets
Sent : 460 Packets
Sent : 461 Packets
Sent : 462 Packets
Sent : 463 Packets
Sent : 464 Packets
Sent : 465 Packets
Sent : 466 Packets
Sent : 467 Packets
Sent : 468 Packets
Sent : 469 Packets
Sent : 470 Packets
Sent : 471 Packets
Sent : 472 Packets
Sent : 473 Packets
Sent : 474 Packets
Sent : 475 Packets
Sent : 476 Packets
Sent : 477 Packets
Sent : 478 Packets
Sent : 479 Packets
Sent : 480 Packets
Sent : 481 Packets
Sent : 482 Packets
Sent : 483 Packets
Sent : 484 Packets
Sent : 485 Packets
Sent : 486 Packets
Sent : 487 Packets
Sent : 488 Packets
Sent : 489 Packets
Sent : 490 Packets
Sent : 491 Packets
Sent : 492 Packets
Sent : 493 Packets
Sent : 494 Packets
Sent : 495 Packets
Sent : 496 Packets
Sent : 497 Packets
Sent : 498 Packets
Sent : 499 Packets
Sent : 500 Packets
Sent : 501 Packets
Sent : 502 Packets
Sent : 503 Packets
Sent : 504 Packets
Sent : 505 Packets
Sent : 506 Packets
Sent : 507 Packets
Sent : 508 Packets
Sent : 509 Packets
Sent : 510 Packets
Sent : 511 Packets
Sent : 512 Packets
Sent : 513 Packets
Sent : 514 Packets
Sent : 515 Packets
Sent : 516 Packets
Sent : 517 Packets
Sent : 518 Packets
Sent : 519 Packets
Sent : 520 Packets
Sent : 521 Packets
Sent : 522 Packets
Sent : 523 Packets
Sent : 524 Packets
Sent : 525 Packets
Sent : 526 Packets
Sent : 527 Packets
Sent : 528 Packets
Sent : 529 Packets
Sent : 530 Packets
Sent : 531 Packets
Sent : 532 Packets
Sent : 533 Packets
Sent : 534 Packets
Sent : 535 Packets
Sent : 536 Packets
Sent : 537 Packets
Sent : 538 Packets
Sent : 539 Packets
Sent : 540 Packets
Sent : 541 Packets
Sent : 542 Packets
Sent : 543 Packets
Sent : 544 Packets
Sent : 545 Packets
Sent : 546 Packets
Sent : 547 Packets
Sent : 548 Packets
Sent : 549 Packets
Sent : 550 Packets
Sent : 551 Packets
Sent : 552 Packets
Sent : 553 Packets
Sent : 554 Packets
Sent : 555 Packets
Sent : 556 Packets
Sent : 557 Packets
Sent : 558 Packets
Sent : 559 Packets
Sent : 560 Packets
Sent : 561 Packets
Sent : 562 Packets
Sent : 563 Packets
Sent : 564 Packets
Sent : 565 Packets
Sent : 566 Packets
Sent : 567 Packets
Sent : 568 Packets
Sent : 569 Packets
Sent : 570 Packets
Sent : 571 Packets
Sent : 572 Packets
Sent : 573 Packets
Sent : 574 Packets
Sent : 575 Packets
Sent : 576 Packets
Sent : 577 Packets
Sent : 578 Packets
Sent : 579 Packets
Sent : 580 Packets
Sent : 581 Packets
Sent : 582 Packets
Sent : 583 Packets
Sent : 584 Packets
Sent : 585 Packets
Sent : 586 Packets
Sent : 587 Packets
Sent : 588 Packets
Sent : 589 Packets
Sent : 590 Packets
Sent : 591 Packets
Sent : 592 Packets
Sent : 593 Packets
Sent : 594 Packets
Sent : 595 Packets
Sent : 596 Packets
Sent : 597 Packets
Sent : 598 Packets
Sent : 599 Packets
Sent : 600 Packets
Sent : 601 Packets
Sent : 602 Packets
Sent : 603 Packets
Sent : 604 Packets
Sent : 605 Packets
Sent : 606 Packets
Sent : 607 Packets
Sent : 608 Packets
Sent : 609 Packets
Sent : 610 Packets
Sent : 611 Packets
Sent : 612 Packets
Sent : 613 Packets
Sent : 614 Packets
Sent : 615 Packets
Sent : 616 Packets
Sent : 617 Packets
Sent : 618 Packets
Sent : 619 Packets
Sent : 620 Packets
Sent : 621 Packets
Sent : 622 Packets
Sent : 623 Packets
Sent : 624 Packets
Sent : 625 Packets
Sent : 626 Packets
Sent : 627 Packets
Sent : 628 Packets
Sent : 629 Packets
Sent : 630 Packets
Sent : 631 Packets
Sent : 632 Packets
Sent : 633 Packets
Sent : 634 Packets
Sent : 635 Packets
Sent : 636 Packets
Sent : 637 Packets
Sent : 638 Packets
Sent : 639 Packets
Sent : 640 Packets
Sent : 641 Packets
Sent : 642 Packets
Sent : 643 Packets
Sent : 644 Packets
Sent : 645 Packets
Sent : 646 Packets
Sent : 647 Packets
Sent : 648 Packets
Sent : 649 Packets
Sent : 650 Packets
Sent : 651 Packets
Sent : 652 Packets
Sent : 653 Packets
Sent : 654 Packets
Sent : 655 Packets
Sent : 656 Packets
Sent : 657 Packets
Sent : 658 Packets
Sent : 659 Packets
Sent : 660 Packets
Sent : 661 Packets
Sent : 662 Packets
Sent : 663 Packets
Sent : 664 Packets
Sent : 665 Packets
Sent : 666 Packets
Sent : 667 Packets
Sent : 668 Packets
Sent : 669 Packets
Sent : 670 Packets
Sent : 671 Packets
Sent : 672 Packets
Sent : 673 Packets
Sent : 674 Packets
Sent : 675 Packets
Sent : 676 Packets
Sent : 677 Packets
Sent : 678 Packets
Sent : 679 Packets
Sent : 680 Packets
Sent : 681 Packets
Sent : 682 Packets
Sent : 683 Packets
Sent : 684 Packets
Sent : 685 Packets
Sent : 686 Packets
Sent : 687 Packets
Sent : 688 Packets
Sent : 689 Packets
Sent : 690 Packets
Sent : 691 Packets
Sent : 692 Packets
Sent : 693 Packets
Sent : 694 Packets
Sent : 695 Packets
Sent : 696 Packets
Sent : 697 Packets
Sent : 698 Packets
Sent : 699 Packets
Sent : 700 Packets
Sent : 701 Packets
Sent : 702 Packets
Sent : 703 Packets
Sent : 704 Packets
Sent : 705 Packets
Sent : 706 Packets
Sent : 707 Packets
Sent : 708 Packets
Sent : 709 Packets
Sent : 710 Packets
Sent : 711 Packets
Sent : 712 Packets
Sent : 713 Packets
Sent : 714 Packets
Sent : 715 Packets
Sent : 716 Packets
Sent : 717 Packets
Sent : 718 Packets
Sent : 719 Packets
Sent : 720 Packets
Sent : 721 Packets
Sent : 722 Packets
Sent : 723 Packets
Sent : 724 Packets
Sent : 725 Packets
Sent : 726 Packets
Sent : 727 Packets
Sent : 728 Packets
Sent : 729 Packets
Sent : 730 Packets
Sent : 731 Packets
Sent : 732 Packets
Sent : 733 Packets
Sent : 734 Packets
Sent : 735 Packets
Sent : 736 Packets
Sent : 737 Packets
Sent : 738 Packets
Sent : 739 Packets
Sent : 740 Packets
Sent : 741 Packets
Sent : 742 Packets
Sent : 743 Packets
Sent : 744 Packets
Sent : 745 Packets
Sent : 746 Packets
Sent : 747 Packets
Sent : 748 Packets
Sent : 749 Packets
Sent : 750 Packets
Sent : 751 Packets
Sent : 752 Packets
Sent : 753 Packets
Sent : 754 Packets
Sent : 755 Packets
Sent : 756 Packets
Sent : 757 Packets
Sent : 758 Packets
Sent : 759 Packets
Sent : 760 Packets
Sent : 761 Packets
Sent : 762 Packets
Sent : 763 Packets
Sent : 764 Packets
Sent : 765 Packets
Sent : 766 Packets
Sent : 767 Packets
Sent : 768 Packets
Sent : 769 Packets
Sent : 770 Packets
Sent : 771 Packets
Sent : 772 Packets
Sent : 773 Packets
Sent : 774 Packets
Sent : 775 Packets
Sent : 776 Packets
Sent : 777 Packets
Sent : 778 Packets
Sent : 779 Packets
Sent : 780 Packets
Sent : 781 Packets
Sent : 782 Packets
Sent : 783 Packets
Sent : 784 Packets
Sent : 785 Packets
Sent : 786 Packets
Sent : 787 Packets
Sent : 788 Packets
Sent : 789 Packets
Sent : 790 Packets
Sent : 791 Packets
Sent : 792 Packets
Sent : 793 Packets
Sent : 794 Packets
Sent : 795 Packets
Sent : 796 Packets
Sent : 797 Packets
Sent : 798 Packets
Sent : 799 Packets
Sent : 800 Packets
Sent : 801 Packets
Sent : 802 Packets
Sent : 803 Packets
Sent : 804 Packets
Sent : 805 Packets
Sent : 806 Packets
Sent : 807 Packets
Sent : 808 Packets
Sent : 809 Packets
Sent : 810 Packets
Sent : 811 Packets
Sent : 812 Packets
Sent : 813 Packets
Sent : 814 Packets
Sent : 815 Packets
Sent : 816 Packets
Sent : 817 Packets
Sent : 818 Packets
Sent : 819 Packets
Sent : 820 Packets
Sent : 821 Packets
Sent : 822 Packets
Sent : 823 Packets
Sent : 824 Packets
Sent : 825 Packets
Sent : 826 Packets
Sent : 827 Packets
Sent : 828 Packets
Sent : 829 Packets
Sent : 830 Packets
Sent : 831 Packets
Sent : 832 Packets
Sent : 833 Packets
Sent : 834 Packets
Sent : 835 Packets
Sent : 836 Packets
Sent : 837 Packets
Sent : 838 Packets
Sent : 839 Packets
Sent : 840 Packets
Sent : 841 Packets
Sent : 842 Packets
Sent : 843 Packets
Sent : 844 Packets
Sent : 845 Packets
Sent : 846 Packets
Sent : 847 Packets
Sent : 848 Packets
Sent : 849 Packets
Sent : 850 Packets
Sent : 851 Packets
Sent : 852 Packets
Sent : 853 Packets
Sent : 854 Packets
Sent : 855 Packets
Sent : 856 Packets
Sent : 857 Packets
Sent : 858 Packets
Sent : 859 Packets
Sent : 860 Packets
Sent : 861 Packets
Sent : 862 Packets
Sent : 863 Packets
Sent : 864 Packets
Sent : 865 Packets
Sent : 866 Packets
Sent : 867 Packets
Sent : 868 Packets
Sent : 869 Packets
Sent : 870 Packets
Sent : 871 Packets
Sent : 872 Packets
Sent : 873 Packets
Sent : 874 Packets
Sent : 875 Packets
Sent : 876 Packets
Sent : 877 Packets
Sent : 878 Packets
Sent : 879 Packets
Sent : 880 Packets
Sent : 881 Packets
Sent : 882 Packets
Sent : 883 Packets
Sent : 884 Packets
Sent : 885 Packets
Sent : 886 Packets
Sent : 887 Packets
Sent : 888 Packets
Sent : 889 Packets
Sent : 890 Packets
Sent : 891 Packets
Sent : 892 Packets
Sent : 893 Packets
Sent : 894 Packets
Sent : 895 Packets
Sent : 896 Packets
Sent : 897 Packets
Sent : 898 Packets
Sent : 899 Packets
Sent : 900 Packets
Sent : 901 Packets
Sent : 902 Packets
Sent : 903 Packets
Sent : 904 Packets
Sent : 905 Packets
Sent : 906 Packets
Sent : 907 Packets
Sent : 908 Packets
Sent : 909 Packets
Sent : 910 Packets
Sent : 911 Packets
Sent : 912 Packets
Sent : 913 Packets
Sent : 914 Packets
Sent : 915 Packets
Sent : 916 Packets
Sent : 917 Packets
Sent : 918 Packets
Sent : 919 Packets
Sent : 920 Packets
Sent : 921 Packets
Sent : 922 Packets
Sent : 923 Packets
Sent : 924 Packets
Sent : 925 Packets
Sent : 926 Packets
Sent : 927 Packets
Sent : 928 Packets
Sent : 929 Packets
Sent : 930 Packets
Sent : 931 Packets
Sent : 932 Packets
Sent : 933 Packets
Sent : 934 Packets
Sent : 935 Packets
Sent : 936 Packets
Sent : 937 Packets
Sent : 938 Packets
Sent : 939 Packets
Sent : 940 Packets
Sent : 941 Packets
Sent : 942 Packets
Sent : 943 Packets
Sent : 944 Packets
Sent : 945 Packets
Sent : 946 Packets
Sent : 947 Packets
Sent : 948 Packets
Sent : 949 Packets
Sent : 950 Packets
Sent : 951 Packets
Sent : 952 Packets
Sent : 953 Packets
Sent : 954 Packets
Sent : 955 Packets
Sent : 956 Packets
Sent : 957 Packets
Sent : 958 Packets
Sent : 959 Packets
Sent : 960 Packets
Sent : 961 Packets
Sent : 962 Packets
Sent : 963 Packets
Sent : 964 Packets
Sent : 965 Packets
Sent : 966 Packets
Sent : 967 Packets
Sent : 968 Packets
Sent : 969 Packets
Sent : 970 Packets
Sent : 971 Packets
Sent : 972 Packets
Sent : 973 Packets
Sent : 974 Packets
Sent : 975 Packets
Sent : 976 Packets
Sent : 977 Packets
Sent : 978 Packets
Sent : 979 Packets
Sent : 980 Packets
Sent : 981 Packets
Sent : 982 Packets
Sent : 983 Packets
Sent : 984 Packets
Sent : 985 Packets
Sent : 986 Packets
Sent : 987 Packets
Sent : 988 Packets
Sent : 989 Packets
Sent : 990 Packets
Sent : 991 Packets
Sent : 992 Packets
Sent : 993 Packets
Sent : 994 Packets
Sent : 995 Packets
Sent : 996 Packets
Sent : 997 Packets
Sent : 998 Packets
Sent : 999 Packets
Sent : 1000 Packets
goto loop2 

:loop2
mode 26,24
cls
color
color 0C
echo ATTACKING SERVER / %random%
echo ATTACKING SERVER / %random%
echo ATTACKING SERVER / %random%
goto loop2
